data/lab: Add warning about running `benchmark_cp.sh` (#265)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/data/lab/content/process-memory.md

Run the `benchmark_cp.sh` script:

> Run the script on local environment, not on Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the script in your local environment, not in the Docker container.
```
